# Fox_and_Rabbit
Game specification Detailed specification of the game, ACM and the communication system will be given and discussed in a lecture. Game. The game is played on the alphanumerical terminal and 4 directional buttons are used to control the movements. Two objects are displayed: the moving target (rabbit) and the chaser (fox). Both are represented as a single character and moved at the speed of 1 position every 0.5 seconds. The rabbit makes random turns and never leaves the screen. The turns of the fox are controlled by the player. The game ends when the fox is placed at the same coordinates as the rabbit. Implement the keyboard reading function as a concurrent thread in order to make it independent from the animation. The output of the game is produced on the standard output stream. Use escape characters to position symbols on the screen. Use the example code to set up the appropriate keyboard mode. Use a separate thread to read the keyboard. Use a global variable to store the current direction of the fox. Derive a Petri net model describing the communication between the keyboard and the animation part of the game. 1   Slow interface emulation program. Source code template is given. ACM. Design it using the appropriate number of slots and the slot size. In the report explain and discuss the operation and the effect of ACM on the system performance. Derive a Petri net model of the ACM. HOWTO? The following are a few hints of advisory nature. You don’t need to follow them. • How to compile a programme? – type “gcc -o myprogramme -lpthread mypro- gramme.c” • How to run a programme? – type “./myprogramme” • How to display in a different terminal? – Open two terminal windows – Have a named fifo file created by “mkfifo myfifo” – In one window type “cat myfifo” – In the other window type “./myprogramme > myfifo” • How to delay the output? – in the above example use “./myprogramme | ./delay > myfifo” • How to display both the delayed and the original screen? – in the above example use “./myprogramme | tee /dev/stderr | ./delay > myfifo” • Where to include the ACM? – “./myprogramme | tee /dev/stderr | ./acm | ./delay > myfifo” – The ACM programme in this example includes a delay instruction matched to “./delay”, which prevents the pipeline “|” from accumulating more than one data item.
